bzip2: add examples (#9256)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bzip2.md

- Decompress a file to standard output:

`bzip2 -dc {{path/to/compressed_file.bz2}}`

> - Test compressed file integrity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test integrity of each file inside the archive file:
```

> - Test integrity of each file inside the archive file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Test the integrity of each file inside the archive file:
```

> `bzip2 -t {{path/to/compressed_file.bz2}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`bzip2 --test {{path/to/compressed_file.bz2}}`
```

Mandatory fix: [long option must be used if it's portable](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#option-syntax).

> - Verbose mode -- show the compression ratio for each file processed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show the compression ratio for each file processed in [v]erbose mode:
```

> - Show the compression ratio for each file processed in [v]erbose mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show the compression ratio for each file processed with detailed information:
```

Reviewer 2: IMO, Both the versions are fine. What should we do?

`bzip2 -v {{path/to/compressed_files.bz2}}`

> - Print help:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```

> `bzip2 -v {{path/to/compressed_files.bz2}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`bzip2 --verbose {{path/to/compressed_files.bz2}}`
```

The same issue as above.

> - Overwrite existing output files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decompress a file overwriting existing files:
```

> `bzip2 -f {{path/to/compressed_file.bz2}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`bzip2 --force {{path/to/compressed_file.bz2}}`
```
The same issue as above.

> - Display help:
> 
> `bzip2 -h`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Warning: `-h` was not found in the [man page](https://manned.org/bzip2).

Reviewer: But the `-z` exists in the help info provided by the command.

Reviewer 3: But this example referrers to `-h` not `-z`.

Reviewer: I mean `-h`

Reviewer 3: Can you provide a screenshot or link where I can find this option?

Reviewer: ```
$ bzip2 -h
bzip2, a block-sorting file compressor.  Version 1.0.8, 13-Jul-2019.

   usage: bzip2 [flags and input files in any order]

   -h --help           print this message
   -d --decompress     force decompression
   -z --compress       force compression
   -k --keep           keep (don't delete) input files
   -f --force          overwrite existing output files
   -t --test           test compressed file integrity
   -c --stdout         output to standard out
   -q --quiet          suppress noncritical error messages
   -v --verbose        be verbose (a 2nd -v gives more)
   -L --license        display software version & license
   -V --version        display software version & license
   -s --small          use less memory (at most 2500k)
   -1 .. -9            set block size to 100k .. 900k
   --fast              alias for -1
   --best              alias for -9

   If invoked as `bzip2', default action is to compress.
              as `bunzip2',  default action is to decompress.
              as `bzcat', default action is to decompress to stdout.

   If no file names are given, bzip2 compresses or decompresses
   from standard input to standard output.  You can combine
   short flags, so `-v -4' means the same as -v4 or -4v, &c.

```
